(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.)  Ann Gillen, Lehman Brothers.    Good morning. I was just wondering if you could give us more color. Kent, I think you mentioned about inventories being partially driven by some of the acquisitions. I know they're down a bit sequentially, but could you give us a sense as to what Remington might have contributed to the inventory build year-over-year?    Yes, Ann, this is Randy. We did see a slight increase in inventory from the Remington products. We are launching the Remington products in both Europe and Latin America, so on a year-over-year basis, we did see a slight increase in that inventory level. But more than 50 percent of the increase was driven by the 2 acquisitions.    So if it wasn't Remington, and it was only about 50 percent from the acquisitions, what else would be driving it?    It was really those 2 pieces are the major drivers.    Okay, so Remington was significant enough?    Yes.    Okay, and then just a question in terms of visibility. When did you learn that Remington was missing in North America?    Well, Ann, it's really  there's really 2 components of that. The biggest component is a planned  some call it a planned miss  but a planned reduction in sell-in. We did a lot of analysis over our business in our first year, and frankly, we thought there was too much sell-in that occurred in Q1 of last year. It's a highly seasonal business, and we spent the back 3 quarters, in essence, trying to balance out the retail inventory, because there was too much sell-in. At least, by the way we run businesses, there was too much sell-in.   And so this year, we cut it back intentionally, and so the biggest piece of reduction year-over-year had to do with our planning. And the second component is there was weak sales, category sales, in both men and women's shavers for the quarter, and both of those categories showed declines year-over-year, dollar declines, and there was really a couple of reasons behind that. One is there was a mix-shift down to  there was some very low priced entrants in the category, that sub-$10 entrants, that were heavily promoted by some retailers, and that traded dollars down versus how you would look at the category historically. That's one.   And then the second is that Gillette's MP3, which was heavily promoted and discounted during the holiday season, in our view, and we don't have all the data and statistics in yet, but our view is that promotionally, that took some of the low-end category growth away.    Okay. And yet despite this hit, your expansion of margins was quite strong in North America?    Yes, it was very strong. And that's a reflection of the Remington integration. I mean, go back a year, and we said Remington's going to generate  at the time, we said $23 million of synergies. And we've since updated that to  we think the number's $35 million or more. And most of that would have impacted on a geographic basis, our North American business; some in Europe, but most of it in North America, and you're seeing that flush through the P&amp;L now.    Perfect. That's it for my questions. Thanks so much.    Okay.    Bill Schmitz, Deustche Bank.    (Technical difficulty) Hey, it looks like when you funded the debt for the United acquisition, there's an extra $200 million or so left over. Do you have plans for future acquisitions in the near future?    Most of what you see as a surplus is really related to the revolver. We think that the rest of the debt, the term debt, from the bonds are the right level to finance  refinance our existing debt, as well as United's. So, our flexibility is more in terms of having a reasonably good sized revolver sitting there.   And the answer is yes, as we've told people, one of the key attributes of the United acquisition that we really like is the fact that they have a significant presence in the pet category. It's a very fragmented category. It's one where we want to continue to find roll-off opportunities and acquisition targets, so we've kept a little (indiscernible) there to continue to pursue opportunities as we go forward there.    Okay, great. And then just on that North American battery business, are you seeing the business environment becoming a lot more rational? I mean, Energizer has some pretty decent US margins. It looks like Duracell's on kind of the same trajectory. Is the pricing environment trend starting to stabilize a little bit?    Yes, I mean, Bill, if you go back versus a year or two, I think you've seen improved pricing dynamics in the marketplace in general. As evidenced by all 3 of the major competitors in North America's battery margins, operating margins, or EBITDA margins, are significantly improved. The fourth quarter, we did see some heightened promotional activity in the fourth quarter by our competitors. But again, we always see more promotional activity in the fourth quarter because of the holiday selling.    Right, and did you see the same kind of volume growth of about 1 to 2 percent in North America?    Yes, we saw slight volume growth, and sort of flat to slightly declining dollar growth     Great.     for a plus-2, minus-2, somewhere in that range.    Got you. And then just on Microlite, I was surprised that the business turned so quickly. I mean, has that business reached an inflection point? And so, should we assume that that business will stay profitable from this point forward?    Yes, I think  I certainly expect it will stay profitable. The key components were, we bought a business that was under-capitalized, and just to stay afloat, they were borrowing money at outrageous interest rates. Well, we recapitalized the business down there, and eliminated virtually all of that expensive debt that they were incurring. So that was a good balance sheet move.   We installed a fantastic management team, and as a result, we changed the product offerings; we rationalized the SKUs. And as importantly, we've raised the average price of a Rayovac product by 16 percent in that marketplace, and that price increase stuck in its entirety. And our principle competitor, Panasonic, used the opportunity to increase their profitability and raise prices behind us.   So, all the actions that we took place, which, frankly, surprised us by how fastly they took hold. It didn't surprise us that we were going to make it profitable. But we expected a pretty good fight with retailers and distributors and wholesalers, and I would just say that the fight didn't last as long as we expected. And by this fall, beginning in the October timeframe, they found themselves running low on product, and they had to begin ordering in normal patterns again.   All of that would suggest to us that Brazil is not going to be a drag on our Latin American business going forward. And frankly, I think in the future years, it's going to be one of the star performers, because we have such enormous market share there, over 50 percent. Our numerical distribution is so high. We're a must-have brand, so you can't replace the Rayovac battery with some other brand there, because of just the dominance of the brand in the marketplace.    Great. And then just one last one, if I may. On the Ningbo business, when do you think you are going to start exporting those batteries back to the US? I know you're adding a fair bit of alkaline capacity out there, and I know the long-term plan is to re-import. Is that going to happen sooner rather than later?    I think you're going to see some amount of movement of product into other regions. Whether that's North America, or Latin America, or Europe, it's really based on what the particular business issue or opportunity might be at the time. You're going to see some movement of product begin  start beginning this spring. So we'll see some throughout the year. But the big opportunity there is next year, because we're bringing lines  a high speed, double-A, and triple-A alkaline lines, we're building right now to install in that facility. And so we're still sort of 9 to 12 months away from a timeframe where we're going to see tens or hundreds of millions of batteries exported versus at start.    Great, thanks. Does that mean that you're going to take some capacity out of Fennimore?    No, it doesn't. It just means that China is going to be the growth vehicle for all the alkaline capacity needs in the future. But we have a very large plant in Fennimore; we have a very large plant in Dischingen, Germany. Those plants are running near capacity, and so as alkaline grows around the world, all the future capacity needs are going to come out of that China plant.    Great. Thanks very much.    Peter Barry, Bear Stearns.    Good morning, gentlemen. Dave, you may have addressed part of this, but can we conclude that there were no market share issues as it related to Remington North America?    There was no  the biggest component of our Remington business in North America is men's shaving. It is by far, it's sort of the whole     $500 million.    It's $500 million, the category, okay? There were no market share issues there. In fact, our share slightly improved, and the December ending share was the highest men's shaving share in the history of Remington. Okay? In the women's category, which is much smaller, it's sort of $40 to $50 million versus 500, we did see share losses in the women's category, where we had about 2/3 of the market. And we had several low-priced offerings that came into the marketplace at price points below where Remington has historically sold products, or probably want to sell products, and that took, that shifted mix down, and it took some share away from us as a result. And we're still trying to analyze those movements, and what if any actions, or line-up adjustments that we need to do going into this Spring.   And then finally, in Remington's personal care, the business grew here and in Europe. Grew over 50 percent in North America for the quarter. But again, it's a small business. So, fundamentally, I'd say we had some shifts, but they weren't material in terms of the market share.    Just shifting to international for a moment. How confident are you about the sustainability of growth in both Europe and Latin America as it relates to Remington? Or should we conclude that part of the success thus far has been simply filling a pipeline that prior to this wasn't especially robust?    I think it's probably a little bit of both. The short answer is you should assume continued significant growth in Remington internationally as we roll out into the other geographies. In Europe, the biggest piece of that growth  and Europe grew dramatically in Remington this quarter  but the biggest pieces was related to our personal care business in the UK, which was just on fire. We launched this Wet 2 Straight woman's product that we could not keep in stock. We heavily advertised it on TV in the UK, and it was a fantastic success.   You saw some triple effect of us launching Remington products on the Continent during the quarter, but that is yet to come. And over the next year or two you're going to see continued growth out of Remington in Europe, because of our geographic expansion, particularly in our shaving  men's shaving business, which was not well-developed prior to the acquisition.   And then in Latin America, we had a test market in Chile during the last quarter of Remington products, and we had a significant success. So, it was a learning experience for us. You know, what we learned is that we didn't ship enough products into that market, because by December the 15th, we had sold out of all the Remington products in all the retailers that were selling products for us. So, we learned something there, and we're getting ready during this Father's Day period to launch Remington products in Argentina, in some areas of Brazil, in some areas of Mexico. So, the rollout, albeit, it's a  will be a smaller business model in Latin America, but the rollout of Remington products in Latin America has really just begun.    Just two more from me. Dave, could you drill down a little further in terms of the battery business, and share with us alkaline, zinc carbon, large-pack product. What were the internal dynamics of those in the December quarter?    Unit shipments of alkaline were up slightly. Dollar sales of alkaline  excuse me  dollar unit sales of alkaline were up slightly. Unit  dollar sales of alkaline were down. So, we had negative pricing of about 2 or 3 percent for the quarter. That's the combination of movement to the bigger pack sizes, which it's something that's been occurring for a long time. As well as there's been some fundamental shift from higher-priced alkaline, down to lower-priced alkaline and heavy duty. So heavy duty grew during the quarter, because some low-end shoppers that are totally value shoppers in mass discount, and in dollar stores bought more heavy duty or zinc carbon products.    Is this a resurrection of zinc carbon in some fashion or other?    Yes, I would say it's a short-term. I personally think  there's differing views  but I personally think it's sort of a short-term resurrection. And it has to do more with which retailers heavily promoting a specific item. But the long-term trend, the North American marketplace continuing to convert to alkaline. And by the way, it's 92 or 93 percent converted now, so we're not seeing a trend where the zinc carbon's going to be 20 percent of the business in the future. Maybe it's going to be  grow by an extra 1 or 2 percent, short term.   But the long-term trends are the same. And the long term trends are the same in Europe, it's converting to alkaline, it's actually accelerating the conversion of alkaline in Europe, and in Latin America and the Far East, as you know, it's still almost totally a zinc carbon market there. The zinc carbon represents about 2 out of every 3 batteries sold in the world in the general battery segment today. So, in the US it's more developed.    And to Randy, just one question. I probably missed this, but could you give us the battery revenues, and the Remington revenues for the quarter?    Yes, I can, Peter. Hang on just a minute here. We had Remington revenues were $154 million of the 490.    Thank you, that's it for me.    Okay, thanks, Peter.    Joe Norton, Banc of America.    Thanks, good morning. Just going back to the cost savings for just a minute. Could you tell us in the quarter what the total Remington cost savings were? And can you just sort of give us an idea how that breaks out geographically?    Yes, Joe, it's really impossible for us to really identify as Dave mentioned, we're seeing $35 million annualized with our estimates. We would say last year we probably realized about $10 or $11 million of that. So, net year-over-year you'll see $24 or $25 million extra this year. But we really can't quantify it by geography, or what specific line item.    And we really, Joe, we don't try to. As a business, we have very detailed plans to get the synergies, to execute the programs, to track them until their done. And then frankly, then we're off to something else. And now we're off to something else.    Yes, and once you finish an integration, you essentially have a totally new business model, a new functional structure, and we don't try and go back and track exactly the various components of it. So, we end up having a new integrated business that has a different cost structure going forward, that allows us to improve margins.    Okay. And then in terms of the North American shaving issue. I'm just wondering, I know you said you're still analyzing what's going on there, but is there  it sounds like maybe one of the issues could be the lines are blurring a little bit, and we have these new sort of "power" products in the wet shaving category? And I'm just wondering is there a risk that those products are really going to start competing more with some of your products?    I would say, I mean, our view would be, no, that there's no long-term growth. This is emotionally driven shift that you will see occurring, and not a fundamental change in the consumer. You've got to go back to consumer behavior. You're either a wet shaver, or a dry shaver. And in the US, about 2/3 of the market-place is wet shaving. It's just the reverse in Europe. And so, that's not changing. But in terms of Christmas seasons, seasons like that where gift-giving are a big deal, and at least Gillette and MP3 they promoted that product down to a price point that I think it made a nice stocking stuffer in a lot of people's stockings in the US. And I think that promotional strategy may have had some short  some promotional shift, but certainly not long-term, fundamental category shift from dry to wet shaving. I wouldn't say that at all.    Okay, and then do you have a sense of straight inventory levels at this point? I mean, is that issue clear? Was that just sort of a Remington issue, or was that an industry-wide issue?    My view is that the industry, and not just this industry, but seasonal industries are all faced with the challenge of trying to figure out what the right business model for shipment in is. Do you want to do it and try to reach an inflection point where you're not costing yourself sales, but you don't want to have a big return pipeline that comes your way?   And so we made a conscious decision  this is Remington specific  we made a conscious decision to cut that back. And so, we're certainly entering this quarter in much better shape from a retail inventory standpoint than we did last year. And it's sort of, it was a planned move on our part to do that. We were very unhappy with having to fight with high inventories for much of last year after the Christmas quarter, and dealing with returns and all the things around those, which we don't particularly like. So, you know, you can say we did it to ourself, but it was a good business move to do.    Uhm hum. And then just finally on this topic, some of the new products, and the advertising and marketing support going through the year, is that incremental kind of as a result of what happened in the Christmas season? Is this something that was planned and funded through your budgeting process, or is there  is that going to eat into some of your North American cost savings?    This was completely planned, and it goes back for months. It was completely planned by us, and reviewed and discussed with our retail customers, and so it was not a surprise to us. And so, it won't have any fundamental affect on the way we run our business. And, in fact, in this quarter, in spite of us reducing those inventories specifically, we spent more money on Remington advertising year-over-year than we ever have.    Okay, good, thanks. And then just one final quick one just on that. Was it the inventories primarily that drove the decline in cash flow from operations?    We, I mean, as Kent had mentioned, I mean, it hit our expec  cash flow hit our expectations for the quarter. Inventory, we did see go up slightly, offset by a receivable decline. But we did anticipate some increase in the Remington inventory, because of the growth Latin America, and in Europe. Plus as we mentioned, the North America. But it pretty much hit expectations for the quarter.    It slightly exceeded our internal.    Okay, so then you're looking at a big shift in where the cash is generated for the rest of the year?    Just watch this quarter.    Yes, watch this quarter.    It's very good.    I'm sorry?    Yes, this quarter should be very good   (multiple speakers)    In Q2.    Okay, thank you.    Connie Maneaty, Prudential Securitie.    Good morning.    Hey, Connie.    Could you comment a little bit on the gross margins, and give us the breakdown between negative mix, and acquisitions on the decline?    I don't have all that detail here, Connie. One of the other things I didn't talk about in my comments is we reset standards at the beginning of the fiscal year. I think everybody's aware that we saw some commodity and material price increases that flowed into our year-over-year standards. We tend to offset that over the course of the year through a lot of cost-reduction initiatives. So part of that margin compression was a result of the new standards going into fiscal '05, but we expect as these cost-reduction things kick in during the year, you'll see, we'll be able to offset that impact on margin structure.    What do standards mean?    The amount that  for a particular product, the amount that we charge to cost of sales. It's the manufacturing cost that we carry the product at in inventory, and then when we sell it, what we charge to cost of sales.    Okay. As we look at the gross margin going forward during the year, is this a one-time decline, or should it decline for the rest of the year, getting a little bit easier by quarter?    We see improvement over the next three quarters in gross profit margin.    Does that mean they'll be up, or down less?    They'll be overall will be down slightly for the full year, because of Ningbo and Microlite. But on a consecutive quarter basis, we do see growth in gross profit margin in Q2 over Q1.    But will it be down year-over year in Q2?    Yes, slightly, yes.    And this was Ningbo, Microlite, which we're operating at very low gross margins. While they're relatively small, they still do have some impact on the corporate composite average.    Okay, so the Q2 gross margin declines year-over-year, and then second half should be flat to slightly up?    Yes, you can model that for the full year, it's probably going to be somewhere around 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis decline. But, in (technical difficulty).    That's a pretty big decline. I didn't have that in my model; I don't know about anybody else. Okay, thanks.    Chris Ferrara, Merrill Lynch.    Can you guys  I'm just trying to get at the underlying impact on the margin line of cost savings. Can you tell us on a dollar basis what the commodity inflation impact was the for the quarter?    For the quarter? No, we can tell you for the year we projected in the battery part of our business about $13 million, that we saw year-over-year increases. But again, for the full year, we're projecting cost-reduction initiatives of $20 million-plus, so that by the end of the fiscal year, it will more than offset those impacts on the business. But we don't have the specific breakout for the quarter.    Got it. And of the North American decline in Remington, how much of that was related to the change in shipment strategy?    Over half of it, a significant piece of it.    Okay, so then the category was still down single-digits, not double-digits in your estimation?    The woman's category was down. The numbers aren't real firm right now.    Yes, sure.    But the woman's category was down double-digits; it's a small category. But it's still an important focus. But the men's category was down (technical difficulty).    And could you just give a little more detail on the dynamics of the shipment  I know I don't want to beat this thing to death, and we've talked about it a lot  but I mean, will retailers in general request that you stuff the channel essentially, and you guys are basically pulling back on that, and getting flack over it?    No.    Or, I mean, how does it go?    Seasonal categories, people always have trouble trying to define exactly what the right consumer takeaway is likely to be. And there's a lot of forecasting and things like that that go into that analysis. And say it's one of the bigger problems that seasonal companies, or seasonal categories have. And last year we thought we made good judgment based on Remington's historic sell-in in our first quarter, on what the sell-in should be to key retailers. And we had a terrific sales season last year, and drove our market share to the highest level in history. So that all worked. And we still ended up with too much inventory that had to come back our way. And we were determined this year to do a better job of managing that. That's why we did what we did.    Does that create anything on a comp issue in the next couple of quarters? Where you'll have year-over-year returns, and have any meaningful impact on the business?    I think it'll have no meaningful impact on the comp year-end.    And just one other one. On obviously the push towards zinc carbon batteries lately, what are you or are you not participating in? I mean, have you gained shelf space on zinc carbon, at the expense of alkaline anywhere?    There's been no significant shift in any of the 3 major competitors in terms of distribution over the last year. And there's been no significant shift from our alkaline to zinc carbon business. You know, we (technical difficulty) zinc carbon is really the growth that has occurred in zinc carbon, and our business has benefited as well as one of our competitor's businesses have, has been driven by discount and dollar stores.    Okay, thanks.    George Chalhoub, Deustche Bank.    Just to verify something that I got confused a little bit in the discussion about the gross margin a few minutes ago. You mentioned that gross margins will be somewhat down for the full year. First of all, this was obviously excluding United Industries, right? This is purely     That is correct.    Right.    All of our discussions is about our core business. The acquisition has not taken place yet.    Right.    So, none of it     So     And really in the first part, gross margins are down year-over-year, but in the back- half they are up versus last year. So, for the full year we're down slightly on a year-over-year basis.    Okay. So     On the back-half they are improvement year-over-year.    It's all (indiscernible), George, is sort of 50 to 100 basis points on the full year. The only fundamental shift that's occurred in margins is the inclusion of Ningbo and Microlite's margins into our overall corporate margins, okay? As we rolled standards  as Kent was trying to explain  we rolled standards at the beginning of each fiscal year, and we load in planned or anticipated increases in the price of commodity in those standards, and that's what rolls out in margins. And then as we go through the year, we generate cost reductions, and favorable variances that flow through the P&amp;L. Okay? A lot of those favorable variances that are occurring right now are in the inventory, because we don't give credit for those variances until the inventory actually flows out into revenue. And I know I'm getting far too technical, but all of that would suggest that in the first quarter margins are, in essence, reduced, because of that. And then they are enhanced as we go through the year, as we roll out cost reductions.    Okay. That makes perfect sense. And you probably should have the mixed benefit of hopefully how your Remington sells in the back-half of the year, too.    Right.    Right.    Yes, product mix improvement.    Right. Housekeeping, what was the cash balance at the end of the quarter, please?   (multiple speakers)    $22 million.    22.    Yes.    Now, I know you don't want to talk too much about the details of the United Industries acquisition, but big picture perspective, are you planning on doing any major integration over the course of the next six months? Or giving the peak season for United, you want to leave them alone now, and do it when things slow down, starting later this Summer?    Right. We're going to do not thinking of those, we're going t do virtually nothing to the business at the United through their peak selling season, which would be through June/July, okay? And the only activity  but we'll do a lot of planning, we'll do a lot of integration planning with the United management team, as well as ours, so that we know what to do, or what we want to do later. But we will be busily working on purchasing initiatives, because there are global purchasing strategies that we can enjoy quicker than that. And we'll also be working with the IT groups on systems integration, financial systems integration, and then ultimately ERP systems integration that will again take place. Most of that will take place after the key season is over.    Okay.    And so in terms of impact on our fiscal Year '05, this deal will be  is accretive, then it will be slightly accretive to our fiscal Year '05 numbers. But the synergies are really going to flow from this deal in '06 and '07 and in years to come.    And a lot of the implementation and the distribution (ph) will also be late '05, early '06?    Yes, it will be in the second calendar half of this year.    Right.    There'll be a lot of work done.    And my last question is, given how you've  with the timeframe how you spent on United, and all that  and I know you're going to provide us with a lot of details in February  but overall, is your view still that you should be  barring any acquisitions  the way you're seeing the businesses go, and combining them, and all of your planning, you still see a close, but a current of de-leveraging  barring any acquisitions  on a full pro forma basis by the end of the fiscal year?    Yes, that's new projection, as you saw on our Remington acquisition, we took off one whole turn of leverage in the first year of ownership of that business. It's our projection, let me caution that, but that is our expectation that we'll be able to do the same for the United acquisition.    Great. Thank you.    Mr. Hussey, at this time I do show we have three minutes remaining, and a total of five participants in queue.    Well, let's take a few more questions.    Thank you. Jonathan Deringer, Capital Group.    Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. Can you just give a sense for what Varta did in the first quarter?    We really don't designate Varta versus Remington versus Rayovac anymore since it's so integrated into both our European and Latin America business. But, I think, really, if you want to take a look at Varta, I'd take a look at Europe's results.    Yes.    But there is Remington results in Europe also.    Okay, also on the issue of standards, I didn't quite understand exactly what the meaning was. I know you talked about the variances and the shift, but in terms  did you move anything out of SG&amp;A into COGS?    No, no, no.    No, no. This is a normal process every year of adjusting your standards for your products.    Yes, think about it where for 90 days where we see cost improvements, those types of things, just basically sits in inventory until you roll that product out through the normal sales channels. So what we're saying is we're seeing good year-over-year cost improvements that are currently sitting in inventory that'll get basically washed through in the next 3 to 6 months.    But we loaded all of the bad news, or even the projected bad news that we might, that we think might occur throughout the year in our standard costs, but we put none of the benefit, which we have already identified that far outweighs the bad news that we've loaded in, that we'll generate this year. Those will flow out in the subsequent quarters as inventory flow.    Okay, and if I could just ask a couple quick ?    That's very typical standard costing systems.    Yes.    That makes a little bit more sense. If I can ask a couple quick housekeeping  cash, tax, and interest for the quarter?    Interest, $17 million was interest, and I don't have the cash, tax number; it was very low.    Okay, thank you.    Raiza Fahad, Lehman Brothers.    Good morning. Just to recap what you said, you expect the raw material cost to rise about $20 million in the year.    No, no, no. Let me go back. Let me go back.   (multiple speakers)    It  cost went up for many materials that manufacturers used last year. So during the year we saw cost increase. When we projected our standard cost for '05, we rolled those higher costs into the standards. There's about $13 million worldwide in our battery business. We, as a part of our culture are continuously looking for ways to improve our efficiency, and reduce costs. We have a whole series of initiatives laid out for the year, some of which are already benefiting us, others that will kick in later in the year, that will total over $20 million of cost reductions.    Right.    The net net over fiscal '05, we actually will see from a manufacturing perspective lower costs.    Got it. But on the raw material side, are you now hedged, are you lost, or are you in the stock market?    We've seen  our belief is that in most of these categories the peak occurred last year, and we've actually seen moderation, or leveling off of those cost increases. So, we don't see right now, sitting here, any exposure to our business.    But at the same time, you're in the stock market?    No, the only place we do that is zinc. That is a commodity because we use so much of that in our battery manufacturing. We do hedge that to protect ourselves.    Got it. Thank you.    Ron Pellish, Banc of America.    Ron Pellish. Hi, guys, it's Ron. I'm not sure if you have this on the tip of your hands there, but could you give us the sort of pro forma, apples to apples, organic kind of constant currency sales for the fourth quarter? First quarter, sorry.    I think we mentioned that the Euro, which is probably the most significant piece, contributed $18 million in year-over-year sales increase.    Okay.    I would use that number.    Thank you. And also on the acquisition front, there's been a lot of discussions about that. I know you really can't talk about these things in detail, but can you say whether or not you're sort of poking around on something now? Is something potentially feel imminent?    No, we can't say.    We have to close our acquisition first.    Well, that comment in and of itself is helpful, because this is like the topic dujour.    Right, well, it'll have to remain the topic dujour. You know, we've got our hands full closing this acquisition.    Yes.    We've been very honest and forthright after we announced this acquisition, as we've had investor meetings, investor calls, stockholder meetings, bank meetings.    Understood.    That we will continue to look at things that we have an interest. We have an interest in the pet category. We think there's some rollup opportunities that could exist. But for a sort of like-size acquisition like United, you know, don't plan on us to be in the marketplace for a while. We got our hands full.    Very helpful. Thanks, guys.    Carlo Casella, JPMorgan.    Hi, this is (inaudible question - highly accented language). Can you give us some idea of the  in your batteries division, what is the percent of sales that comes from heavy duty batteries versus alkaline batteries? And also some idea about the price and margin differential between these two?    It varies tremendously by region of the country today. So if you go to Latin America, you know, probably 80 to 85 percent of our sales are zinc carbon versus alkaline, and that's just because of the nature of the market there. In North America, 95 percent of the market is alkaline. I think less than 5 percent is zinc carbon, and that's our sales probably model that pretty closely.   In terms of revenue, an alkaline battery will sell for, it depends on the pack size, etcetera, etcetera, but an average may be 3 times what a zinc carbon sells for, and obviously, the amount of margin dollars that you get are greater with an alkaline battery than with a zinc carbon battery, just because of the pricing dynamic. So, as manufacturers, we like to sell alkaline. Zinc carbon is a very low price point product that again, it fits certain parts of the world, but we don't think it's the right kind of a battery to be selling in North America.    Actually, out of the total battery sales, total general battery sales, which would be round cell batteries around the world of about $260 million for the quarter, $180 million of those are in alkaline. It's (technical difficulty) about 2/3 or so of our general battery business.    Thank you. That's it.    Operator, why don't we just take one more question. I think we're past our hour, and then we'll close it up.    Follow-up, Joe Norton, Banc of America.    Okay, I'm sorry, Dave, just quickly. You probably mentioned this, but could you comment on the EPS, your comfort with the range for the second quarter?    No, we didn't comment on the quarter. We've tried our best to get away from specific quarterly guidance. And you know, last quarter, because it was so big and so new, the Remington integration, we gave some guidance, but as we did last year in the first quarter, but we really don't have any other guidance to give you on quarter (indiscernible).    Okay, thank you.    Yes. Okay. Well, again, thanks. I appreciate your all's time and continued interest in the Company, and look forward to seeing many or all of you on February 15th at our annual investor conference, where that we will lay out much more detail about the United acquisition, and our early integration plans, particularly in the areas of cost savings, and cash cost, etcetera. Again, thanks, and have a great day.    This concludes today's Rayovac Quarter 1 2005 Earnings Conference Call. You many now disconnect.
